[MION pants]
[MION]
I'm so sorry for this.
But I have to know you're
telling me the truth.
Is it you?
You're the one who's been
manipulating the curse, right?
Using the power
of the three families.
Grandma?
Grandma! Please, you're
the only chance I have left.
If you're dead,
how can I stop the curse?
I need you alive to save Kei!
No, no, no, no. What can I do?
[MION] Wait. There are
two more families.
[phone rings]
[KIMIYOSHI]
Hello, can I help you?
[MION]
Uncle Kimiyoshi?
[KIMIYOSHI]
Is that you, Mion?
What's the matter?
[MION]
I'm sorry for calling so late.
Grandma said she has
something urgent to discuss.
[KIMIYOSHI sighs]
The stolen truck, I'm guessing.
[MION] She said she
needed to talk to you
about it face to face.
Can you make it?
[KIMIYOSHI]
Yes, no problem.
I'll be there shortly,
so let Oryo know I'm on the way.
I will.
We'll be right
here waiting for you.
[MION]
Sounds like you're awake.
Mion, it's you.
What the hell is this all about?
[MION]
That's good.
I need somebody who can
talk to me to set things right.
Huh?
What are you thinking,
doing something like this?
[MION]
I have questions for you.
And as head of one
of the three families,
you're the only one who
can give me the answers.
What?
[MION] I already know
the curse is a cover story
dreamed up by
the three families.
A convenient way to get
rid of inconvenient people.
Huh? That's horrible!
Where did you come up with that?
And Oryo Sonozaki
is the one responsible
for deciding
who will be targeted
by the curse each year.
But is that really
the way it is?
[KIMIYOSHI]
Who told you it was?
[MION] Listen,
the Sonozaki family is in charge
of the village now,
but there was a time
when the Kimiyoshi family
held more power, wasn't there?
Right.
Before the war
and we passed the torch
on to the Sonozakis.
So the Kimiyoshis have
been passing themselves off
as loyal servants for decades
while using the curse
for their own ends,
right under Oryo's nose.
Now, just hold on a damn minute!
What are you getting at
with all this nonsense?
How many will it be?
Huh? How many what?
Last year,
Shion had to sacrifice
three of her fingernails as
atonement for her wrongdoing.
How many fingernails are you
ready to lose as atonement
for hiding the truth from me?
[KIMIYOSHI shudders]
Please, stop this.
I don't know
what you wanna hear,
but I'm not hiding anything!
[MION] You've always been so
kind to me, Uncle Kimiyoshi.
I really do like you.
[KIMIYOSHI] Then please,
whatever you're doing.
I'll tell you anything I can,
but you have to stop, Mion!
[MION]
All I want is to save Kei.
[MION] Tell me, how do
I call off the order
to have him demoned away.
I swear, I don't know
anything about any orders.
But I'll do whatever I can
to help you as mayor!
Even if it means talking
Oryo into something!
It hurts so much that
I have to do this to you!
[shudders]
Please forgive me.
[KIMIYOSHI screams]
The curse wasn't under Uncle
Kimiyoshi's control either?
Only one more great family.
[CHIE] Though I'm sure
at least some of you
have been told
about this already.
Mayor Kimiyoshi has gone missing
and hasn't been heard
from since yesterday.
[gasps]
The demons.
But it doesn't seem like
the curse happened this year.
[GIRL A]
Heads up!
‐‐[SATOKO] Get ready!
‐‐[GIRL A] Do your worst!
Please tell the truth.
Last night,
did you do something bad?
[KEIICHI gasps]
Keiichi, do you not remember
what happened last night?
Rika.
You wanna hear a kitty story?
But when they did
the kitties all got scared
when they saw what was inside.
Then, they heard they might be
cursed just for looking.
And later, two of those kitties
disappeared in the night.
So please, Rika.
The two that're left.
What can they do now?
[RIKA laughs]
Why would you bother
with that flimsy pretext
when you're clearly
dying to confess?
It's not an issue.
You have absolutely
nothing to worry about.
If only you'd thought
to worry a little bit sooner,
maybe it wouldn't
have come to this.
But the curse this year.
Your whole world.
You've already thrown
everything away.
Do you understand you
could have avoided all this
if you'd just stayed
and watched me dance?
But instead, you
snuck off to the toolshed
violated a sacred space.
And on the night of
Watanagashi, at that.
The last great
family's responsible.
Now I understand everything.
Rika Furude is the one
who's really in control
of Lord Oyashiro's curse!
Hey, Keiichi!
There's always better things
to do than sit around.
Grab the ball that just hit you.
You can come join our game.
It's time for super deadly
sludge 'n' slaughter
electric razor wire
trench warfare dodgeball!
Huh? I guess.
[RIKA]
Keiichi?
[giggles] Why don't you
play with Satoko?
Rika.
[gasps]
Mi?
Is something wrong, Mion?
[MION]
My heart is breaking right now.
I really didn't wanna
think it could be true.
[MION] I understand that it
wasn't what you wanted.
I know you've only been
fulfilling your duty
as head of the Furude family.
I'm so sorry.
Forgive me!
When all of this is over.
I'll join the
rest of you, I swear!
But for now, I still
have to keep Kei safe.
[CHIE] All right everybody,
time for class!
That's odd.
Where's Ms. Furude?
She would never be this tardy.
Has anybody seen
her since lunch, kids?
[SATOKO]
Keiichi.
I believe that you and Rika
were talking at lunch,
weren't you?
[KEIICHI]
Uh. Yeah.
We talked a little
before you showed up,
but then, she was gone.
Actually, I think I saw her
behind the school with someone.
Huh?
And this was somebody
other than Keiichi?
I couldn't see the guy
she was talking to.
[KEIICHI]
Who was it?
Uh. It was a man dressed
like a construction worker.
[SATOKO]
That seems strange.
Why would a
construction worker be here?
[MION]
Rika!
Shout if you can hear us!
‐‐The heck?
‐‐[MION] Over here, Kei!
[KEIICHI]
What'd you find?
[MION] I think there's
something on the roof!
Huh? Up there?
I'm gonna take a look. Hang on!
That should stall anyone trying
to carry out
the curse for a while.
But I need to get Kei
to a safe place,
now, while I have the chance!
[RENA] What's up, Keiichi?
What's wrong?
It's my fault. All of it.
[RENA]
Why would you say that?
What makes you
think it's your fault?
Can you talk about it?
[KEIICHI]
Hmmm...
Well.
Sorry. Not right now.
[splash]
[phone rings]
[KEIICHI]
Who is it?
[MION]
Hi, Kei.
[KEIICHI]
Shion, I‐‐
Uh! No. Wait.
Is this Mion?
I want you to come
over here right now.
[CHIE]
Please find Ms. Furude for us.
Thank you so much.
Ms. Hojo?
I didn't realize you
were still here at school.
Did the police have anything
new to share with you
about Rika's disappearance?
They gave me their word
that they'll do everything
they can to help her.
Do they have a lead on
where she might be?
I understand that
you're worried about her,
but everything is
going to be okay.
We just have to be patient.
But is there some way
I can help her?
[CHIE]
You can go home and rest up,
and when she comes back,
you'll be there waiting
for her with a big smile.
I suppose that is the
best thing I can do right now.
And I'm sure she's
going to play it all off
like nothing happened.
Right. Sounds like her.
[SATOKO]
Please track her down quickly.
Her disappearing is
the worst‐case scenario.
Though perhaps the quickest way
to go about this is
to ask directly.
I know you're nervous right now.
Trust me, I get it.
Don't worry.
[gasps]
Come on.
We'll talk at my place.
Mion Sonozaki has just now
made contact
with Keiichi Maebara.
They're approaching
the Sonozaki estate.
[OOISHI]
This is Ooishi.
Join up with the detectives
surrounding the
Sonozaki property.
Continue surveillance
from there.
[WORKER]
Yes, sir.
[KUMATANI] So, you think
the Sonozaki family
has some involvement in the
Mayor's situation as well?
[OOISHI]
According to his family,
Oryo called him over shortly
before he went missing,
and he hasn't been
sighted anywhere since.
And has anybody been able to get
Oryo's side of that story yet?
She wouldn't meet with us,
but we did get
to enjoy a brief chat
with her granddaughter Mion.
She said Kimiyoshi headed
home after they talked.
[KUMATANI]
You think she was lying, then?
Hell, who could say?
If she was, it would
imply that the Mayor
is still out here on the
Sonozaki property somewhere.
Are we gonna move in?
[OOISHI]
On the Sonozaki mansion,
based on what we know right now?
Not a chance.
We could turn this
place into a warzone.
Now, if we were
to find probable cause.
That's why we're staked out?
[OOISHI chuckles]
The second we hear something
that sounds like a scream,
our guys are prepared
to breach the gate
and move in hard and fast.
[KEIICHI]
That is a really big gate.
[MION]
Come in.
[KEIICHI]
Please, tell me.
The deaths during Watanagashi.
Why do they keep happening?
Why did all those
people have to die?
There's more here?
What is this?
[MION]
We're near the end.
My uncle's safe room.
It's the most secure
place on our property.
[STAFF]
Movement near the front gate,
but it's not anyone
we've been following.
[OOISHI]
What's going on?
[STAFF]
It appears to be a visitor.
I still don't know what you're
planning to do out there,
but whatever it is,
I wanna help you, Mion!
Just tell me what I can do!
We're both on the
same side here, remember?
You know, that one time,
we were at the game tournament,
and you gave me that doll.
You looked at me
like I was just a normal girl.
I was happy.
I'm doing this 'cause
I love you, understand?
I promise to protect you!
But you won't be safe
until I've put an end
to this sick ritual permanently!
Mion.
[alarm blares]
Is there somebody here?
[MION] Hah.
They've sent someone after me.
[gasps]
[MION]
It's possible they've caught on.
Well, that's fun.
I should greet them.
No, wait. Please don't go!
[MION]
Excuse me, Kei.
Looks like I have
a guest to entertain.
I've been waiting here
for quite some time now.
[laughs]
Sorry, the intercom
was hard to hear.
What brings you out this way?
[SATOKO] Your family's
generous offer of soy sauce.
I received a notice about it.
Soy sauce?
Right, that must be
something Grandma set up.
Is it still valid?
I was beside myself
with anticipation
for the whole trip over.
Of course, come on in.
Mion Sonozaki is inviting Satoko
Hojo in at the front gate now.
[OOISHI]
Do you see Keiichi Maebara?
[STAFF] No sign of him
from our position.
[OOISHI]
People keep going in,
but none of 'em seem
to be coming out.
If the Mayor really
is still in there,
what could the
Sonozakis be doing?
[OOISHI]
Hmm. Team! Hold your position
and prepare
to storm the property
at the first sign
of suspicious activity!
I'm going to join
you over at the scene!
Dammit!
[MION]
Hey, Satoko.
[SATOKO]
What is it?
[MION] Who exactly
told you to come here?
[SATOKO] I mentioned the
notice about the soy sauce.
[MION] So, you came
to fill up on soy sauce
with your best friend
still missing?
I'm surprised that word hadn't
already gotten back to you.
As it turns out,
Rika had been hiding,
and she came out after you left.
Oh, is that what happened?
[SATOKO] It seems
she wanted to give us a scare
and went a bit
overboard with it,
but in the end, there's
nothing to be concerned about.
[MION] I'm going to
ask you one more time.
And you're not going to
feed me any more of your lies.
Who told you to come out
to the Sonozaki estate?
Goodness.
Your reaction to hearing
Rika was found safe
almost makes me think you have
reason to believe otherwise.
Yes, I have a very good reason.
Wanna hear it?
[SATOKO]
Thank you, I'd love to.
[MION] Then tell me
what I wanna know first!
Who's in charge?
Who in the village
is giving the orders?
I know they're targeting Kei,
and I have to stop them!
[SATOKO]
Right, so where is Rika?
Is she still alive?
Ugh! If you're not
gonna give me an answer...
[gunshot]
How? Where did‐‐
[SATOKO chuckles]
Where is Rika?
[MION]
Satoko!
Sorry for that.
I'm sure I'm a far better shot
than you were expecting.
But of course,
I have you to thank for it.
It's no exaggeration to say
I could never have managed this
without the firearms training
you gave me, Mion.
[MION]
Satoko!
You little‐‐
[SATOKO] I'd like you
to answer my question now.
[MION yelps]
Tell me where to find Rika.
[MION cackles]
You're too late.
Your little friend
is already rotting!
How ya like that, bitch?
[SATOKO] Then you're
entirely sure she's dead?
I felt the life draining out
of her as I wrung her neck,
and I hope for her sake I
finished the job then and there.
'Cause I stuffed her in
the septic tank after that!
So, if she was still alive
when I got done with her,
she died choking on
our classmates' shit!
[laughs]
Thank you.
That's good to hear.
[MION]
Huh?
[SATOKO] You painted quite the
vivid picture of her death.
I have no doubt it
happened just as you say.
I'll see you again very soon.
[SATOKO]
Rika.
[RIKA] Next time:
"Tatariakashi‐hen, Part 1."